Update release notes for 2.0.0-preview2 version (#486)
dotnet/SqlClient: release-notes/2.0/2.0.0-preview2.md

- Added support for Cross-platform TCP Keep Alive applicable to .NET Core 3.1+ applications [#395](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/395)
- Added support for enabling Managed networking implementation on Windows applicable to .NET Core and .NET Standard applications [#477](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/477)
- Added `RowsCopied` property in `SqlBulkCopy` to expose count of copied rows [#409](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/409)
- Added "NeutralResourcesLanguage" attribute for .NET Framework assembly [#433](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/433)
- Added caching for invariant culture check result [#376](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/376)
- Added cached `SqlReferenceCollection.FindLiveReaderContext` objects [#380](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/380)

### Fixed
- Fixed Access Token behavior in connection pool to perform string comparison [#443](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/443)

> - Fixed concurrent connection speed issues when connecting with Azure Federated Authentication modes in .NET Core [#466](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/466)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed concurrent connection speed issues when connecting with Azure Active Directory Authentication modes in .NET Core [#466](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/466)
```

- Fixed issues with `Password` persistence in Connection String [#453](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/453)

### Changes

> - Updated all driver assemblies to become CLS Compliant [#396](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/396)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated all driver assemblies to be CLS Compliant [#396](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/396)
```

> - Updated Bulk Copy error messages to also include Column, Row and non-encrypted Data information [#427](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/437)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated Bulk Copy error messages to also include Column, Row and non-encrypted Data information [#437](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/437)
```

- Updated error messages for "Always Encrypted - Secure Enclaves" to handle 'Attestation Protocol' and fixed typos [#421](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/421) [#397](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/397)
- Removed sync over async in `SNINpHandle.EnableSsl` [#474](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/474)
- Changed non-generic `ArrayList` to `List<T>` in `SqlBulkCopy` [#457](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/457)
- Multiple performance improvements [#377](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/377) [#378](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/378) [#379](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/379) 

### Breaking Changes

> - The driver will now perform Server Certificate validation when TLS encryption enforced by target Server, effective automatically on Azure connections [#391](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/391)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The driver will now perform Server Certificate validation when TLS encryption is enforced by the target Server, which is the default for Azure connections [#391](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/391)
```

- `SqlDataReader.GetSchemaTable()` now returns empty `DataTable` instead of returning `null` [#419](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/419)

### Introducing EventSource tracing support
This release introduces support for capturing EventSource trace logs for debugging applications. In order to capture these traces, client applications must listen to events from SqlClient's EventSource implementation:

"Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.EventSource"

> Supported Event Keywords are as under:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported Event Keywords are:
```

| Keyword Name | Value | Description |
| ------------ | ----- | ----------- |
| ExecutionTrace | 1 | Turns on capturing Start/Stop events before and after command execution. |
| Trace | 2 | Turns on capturing basic application flow trace events. |

> | Scope | 4 | Turns on capturing the entering and exiting events |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Scope | 4 | Turns on capturing enter and exit events |
```

> | NotificationTrace | 8 | Turns on capturing the `SqlNotification` trace events |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| NotificationTrace | 8 | Turns on capturing `SqlNotification` trace events |
```

> | NotificationScope | 16 | Turns on capturing the `SqlNotification` scope entering and exiting events |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| NotificationScope | 16 | Turns on capturing `SqlNotification` scope enter and exit events |
```

| PoolerTrace | 32 | Turns on capturing connection pooling flow trace events. |
| PoolerScope | 64 | Turns on capturing connection pooling scope trace events. |
| AdvancedTrace | 128 | Turns on capturing advanced flow trace events. |
| AdvancedTraceBin  | 256 | Turns on capturing advanced flow trace events with additional information. |
| CorrelationTrace | 512 | Turns on capturing correlation flow trace events. |
| StateDump | 1024 | Turns on capturing full state dump of `SqlConnection` |
| SNITrace | 2048 | Turns on capturing flow trace events from Managed Networking implementation (only applicable in .NET Core) |
| SNIScope | 4096 | Turns on capturing scope events from Managed Networking implementation (only applicable in .NET Core) |
|||

### Enabling Managed networking on Windows

> This release introduces a new AppContext switch "Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.UseManagedNetworkingOnWindows" that enables use of Managed SNI on Windows for testing and debugging purposes. This switch will toggle driver's behavior to use Managed SNI in .NET Core 2.1+ and .NET Standard 2.0+ projects on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces a new AppContext switch "Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.UseManagedNetworkingOnWindows" that enables the use of Managed SNI on Windows for testing and debugging purposes. This switch will toggle the driver's behavior to use Managed SNI in .NET Core 2.1+ and .NET Standard 2.0+ projects on Windows.
```

> To set switch from app startup, specify:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the switch from app startup, specify:
```
